hello
i was just adjusting the camera there
can we hear me can we see me
oh yes of course i love all the happy
prides in the
in the chat while y'all were waiting
it is it is june 2nd happy pride
everybody you can see me you can hear me
awesome
[Music]
because god knows that's not guaranteed
with one of these streams hi happy pride
i hope you get as much or
as little out of pride
as you want
i hope it's just oh it's everything you
could possibly it's my birthday month so
like i feel
kind of low-key lucky that i have a
birthday in june and i'm also queer as
hell so there's also that but um
no happy pride i feel like it's going to
be a good one this year
i feel like it's going to be a really
good pride if the new reena sawayama
song is any indication
this pride month is going to be
is gonna be pretty amazing
although
i'm just coming off of um
i just filmed a little bit i just filmed
a reaction
because i was like i have a live stream
tomorrow but you know what i could do i
could film something beforehand i'll
just film an episode of young royals so
i reacted to episode 4 of young royals
before i started this stream and if
you're familiar with the show
you'll know
you'll know and now i'm about to read
the yeast city arc the really
devastating part of the east city arc
so we are all up in our feelings this
pride month is apparently starting with
a lot of emotions
which i feel is on brand
that's i that that makes sense that
checks out with me
okay as we wait
for people to get the notification and
come on in if they feel like it we are
we were not at any like clear stopping
point
last time
so i was at paige thank god for
bookmarks um i was at page 126.
uh
oh right i'm right at the top
of page 126 aren't they because i i like
i stopped right before xu young was
about to
explain himself i believe that's where
we were
inez you're lucky june 18th is your
pride parade our pride around here
because i live in uh north carolina our
pride isn't until like
august i'm like okay
i thought the whole point was that we
all did pride at like the same month
every year but
sure whatever
although
i'm going to do my best to go this year
and it will be my first prize
so that'll be great but also your pride
parade is on my sister's birthday
my sister is um my sister's birthday is
six days after mine although she's older
than me
i know pride parade in august who does
that
and from the pictures i've seen it's
actually a fairly decent pride it looks
like fun
it looks like a good time
they're just late
about it for whatever reason like july
maybe
you know first half of july oh okay
i get scheduling and all that jazz can
be a huge pain in the ass but like
august
like mid-august
mid to late august isn't it like i think
it's like the 20-something of august
this year
ah
happy pride month we will be celebrating
on a two-month delay
that also checks out actually
your pride parade is in august too but
you're in canada
does canada have a different pride month
from june god that's probably a filthy
american question isn't it
i'm not assuming that of course canada
would have the same pride month as
as us
i just i
just legit don't know
okay i'm feeling less alone there are a
couple of people there are a couple of
people with pride in august this makes
more sense it's just so hardcore june
in america
new hampshire's in-person pride is in
october that's the winner
meandering
meandering wins pride in october in new
hampshire
oh it is supposed to be international
pride month june is supposed to be the
international pride month got you got
you gotcha
janae hi janae
all right what is it uh 312.
oh jamie yeah pride in october
pride in october with halloween
that must be something else though
like
that's kind of almost worth it you know
i'd be almost in favor of like moving
pride to october because can you imagine
we're already too much about halloween
can you imagine if pride month
was october
i mean it practically is with how crazy
we go over halloween
um i did not do the intro did i asked if
you could hear me you could see me and
then i totally didn't do the intro
i'm brittany this is eddie welcome to
gay watch where we watch gay things this
is the moto zushi volume 2
live stream we are reading and we are
reacting it is not an audiobook
situation this is in no way professional
i have not read the book i have seen the
untamed so i am familiar with the
storyline but
have not read the book at all and so the
official translation came out and i
decided to do these live streams so i am
literally reacting to what i am reading
aloud
that's kind of the vibe it's a little
chaotic but you know it's fun and we're
in the middle of the yeast city arc i
believe we're about to get to the most
devastating parts
we are once again at the top of 126
literally the second line of page 126 if
you already have your copies
i think it took some people a little
while to get theirs
but uh yeah no the bookmark was a gift
the bookmark was a gift from a
subscriber and it is one of the most
beautiful things i've ever seen this one
is um
cloud recesses
with some
with some flowers there at the bottom
the other one is a different sect though
the other one's a different clan
um
but yeah there's two i have i have two
of these
and
they are beautiful i believe this is um
i think they bought it in china and
shipped it to me so i think this is this
is definitely a
just chinese merch
and it's wonderful and it saved my ass a
lot of times because if i had to rely on
my add brain to remember what page i was
on at the beginning of every live stream
and it would have taken me 10 million
years to remember that bookmarks exist
but someone sent them to me
126.
second line down she young is about to
give us the download on himself
and uh
it's 3 15 we've given people a chance to
hop on in
so
let's go ahead and
get started
this is this is
this is gonna be a good time this is fun
this was a good decision i'm not
regretting this at all
okay
shu young began
oh that's a great start
that's a great start to this
i just set the tone
shu young began
languidly
once upon a time there was a child
this child loved eating sweet things but
because he had neither dad nor mom nor
money he couldn't have them often
one day he was staring into nothingness
as he always did sitting on a porch
across from this porch was a restaurant
and in that restaurant a man sat at a
table laid with a feast
when he saw the child he waved to beckon
him over
while the opening of this story wasn't
that great either it was at least much
better than shashing chen's cliche old
tales
aching's ears must have perked up like a
rabbit's
the child was clueless and had no idea
what to do with himself shu young
continued so when he saw someone waving
at him he immediately ran over
the man pointed at a plate of desserts
on the table and asked him do you want
this
he wanted it very much of course and not
it enthusiastically
the man gave the child a slip of paper
and said then deliver this to a certain
house and i'll give it to you once
you've done so
the child was very happy he only needed
to run an errand and he'd get a plate of
desserts a plate he'd earned himself no
less
he couldn't read so he just took the
slip of paper and headed to the
appointed destination when the door
opened a big burly man emerged this man
glanced at the paper and then slapped
the boy bloody
he gripped him by the hair and demanded
who told you to deliver this
that child must have been shu young
himself
given shuyong's present shrewdness weiwu
shane was surprised to learn he'd been a
naive and thoughtless child who did
whatever he was told nothing good had
been written on that paper it seemed
there was probably some conflict between
the restaurant man and the burly man but
the restaurant man didn't dare to insult
the other directly so he summoned a boy
from the streets to deliver instead what
an utterly foul stunt to pull
shuyon continued
scared the boy pointed and pointed in
the direction of the restaurant the
burly man went there dragging the boy by
the hair all the while
but the man at the restaurant had long
since fled and the waiter had taken away
the plate of leftover desserts
the burly man flew into a rage and
flipped a number of tables before he
stormed off cursing the child was
anxious he'd run the errand gotten
beaten and been dragged back by his hair
feeling like his scalp was gonna peel
off the entire way
if he didn't get to eat his desserts
after all that it wouldn't do it all and
so he asked the waiter teary-eyed
where's my dessert where's my promised
dessert
that's some oliver [__] that's
heartbreaking shuyong grinned widely the
waiter was fuming at the state of the
wrecked restaurant he smacked the child
out the door slapped him silly the boy
crawled to his feet and walked around
for a bit and guess what happened what a
coincidence he ran into the man who got
him to deliver the message
he stopped there au-ching engrossed in
the tail urged and then what happened
what else ain't it just more smacks and
kicks shu yang said
that was you right aching pressed a boy
who loves sweets that must be you why
were you like that when you were younger
if it were me i would have blah blah
blah spat in his food and drink then
beat him
she gestured wildly and almost hit
shashing chen
shashin chan her hurriedly chided
alright alright the story is done so
time for bed
arching was still beating her chest and
anger as he carried her to the coffin
gah both your stories are really killing
me
one's deathly boring and the others
deathly vexing oh my god the man who
sent the message is so annoying i'm so
annoyed
girl same
that is a glimpse
into xu young's adolescence
that i'm 99.9 sure we did not get in the
show i remember the monologue
basically that xiuyan gives in the show
that's about another moment that i'm
sure obviously we're going to hear about
in a second
but that that was some that was some
context
he
literally did nothing wrong
he was just a street urchin
who did what he was told because he
wanted food and then because of that
because of everything else going on
around him between adults
who were total strangers because of
everything else going on around him
he got slapped around and dragged by the
hair and yelled at
for no reason and when it was promised
food didn't get food because of things
completely out of his control
this
this is going to make me mad isn't it
tucked her in after a couple after
taking a couple of steps he asked what
happened afterward
take a guess xu young said there is no
afterward didn't you stop telling your
story too
no matter what happened next you are
doing reasonably well now there is no
need
oh there is no need to dwell
on the past
oh
i'm not dwelling on the past xi young
said you know like a liar
it's just that blindy steals my candy
every day and wound up eating it all it
made me recall the times when i couldn't
have any
okay
oh all right oh all right
all right auching gave the coffin a hard
kick and protested
don't listen to his lies i didn't take
that many
xiao xing chen chuckled lightly rest
both of you
shu young didn't follow him that night
shaoxing chen left a night hunt alone
and so aaching laid at ease in the
coffin and didn't move but she couldn't
sleep
just as the sky was growing lighter
shaoxing chen soundlessly returned
when he passed by the coffin he reached
in
auchin closed her eyes pretending to be
asleep and only opened her eyes anew
when shaoxing chen left the charitable
mortuary once more
lying next to her straw pillow was a
tiny piece of candy
she poked her head out and gazed toward
the overnight room xu young was also
awake sitting by the table she couldn't
tell what was on his mind a piece of
candy lay quietly by the edge of the
table
following that noid following that night
of stories
by the hearth shaoxing chen would hand
both of them a piece of candy every day
this is how it happened
am i blanking
and the show told me this
or is this brand new information that's
the game that we get to play when you're
80d and you haven't watched the show in
a couple months
aching was elated of course while
shuyong displayed neither gratitude for
the gesture nor any intention of
rejecting it aching was mad about that
attitude of his for days
xiao xingten took care of their food and
bored in ye city being blind he couldn't
pick out good vegetables and was too
abash to haggle prices when he went out
alone it was fine if he found good heart
inventors vendors but a number of times
he ran into those who purposely took
advantage of the fact that he couldn't
see
the bundles would either be shorted by
weight or the vegetables wouldn't be
fresh
shaoxing chen didn't mind or rather he
didn't really pay attention but auching
was perfectly aware of the problem and
mightily mad about it she was furiously
adamant in going grocery shopping with
shaoxing chen to settle scores with
those unconscientious vendors
god damn right au-chang
unfortunately she had to hide the fact
that she could see so she didn't dare
throw a fit and flip stalls like a shrew
in front of shaoxing chen
that was where shu young came in handy
true to his unsavory character his eyes
were sharp and his tongue sharper as
long as he was present the first thing
he did was brazenly cut the price of any
purchase in half if the other party gave
him an inch he'd push farther and take a
mile if they refused his eyes would turn
menacing the vendors would think it's
good enough that they'll pay at all
never mind fussing over how much is paid
and then hurrying them off go go get out
of here
this must have been how shi young used
to lord over
ooh kui
prefecture kui hmm
uh and lan ling he likely never had to
pay for anything he wanted
interesting
consi
her grievance is satisfied aching
actually complimented she young a few
times in delight
and with a piece of candy every day on
top of that for a time she and she young
maintained a delicate piece
but she could never bring herself to
entirely let down her guard around him
and that modest piece was often marred
by numerous doubts and internal griping
one day aching was doing the blind act
again on the streets she had played this
game all her life and never once grown
tired of it
just as she was walking around tapping
her bamboo pole a voice suddenly came
from behind her
little miss do not go so fast if you
cannot see
it was the voice of a young man his tone
somewhat cool aching turned her head and
saw a black-clad taoist cultivator
standing several meters behind her he
had a long sword strapped on his back
and a whisk in the crook of his arm his
sleeves were light and fluttering and
his posture was extremely upright with a
definite air of aloofness and pride it
was indeed
the face of songline
aching tilted her head but songlan had
already approached
he laid his whisk on her shoulder and
guided her to the side of the path there
are fewer people on the sides of the
street
as expected of a good friend of shaoxing
chen's way wishing thought what they
call good friends are indeed those
similar in temperament
yeah
aching snorted and laughed
hunching thanks dao jong
song line with threw his whisk and
hooked it in the crook of his arm anew
he swept a look over her do not run
about so wildly he chided also this
place is heavy with yin energy do not
loiter outside when the sun sets
okay aching replied
sungla nodded and continued onward
aching couldn't help but twist her head
to watch him after he'd walked on for a
bit he stopped a passerby
uh please wait might i inquire whether
anyone in this area has seen a blinded
taoist carrying a sword
maybe
possibly uh ching listened with wrapped
attention as the passerby replied i'm
not too sure why don't you ask the
people ahead da jong
many thanks son lang said
a-ching went over tapping her bamboo
pole john why are you looking for that
other dao chong
song on whipped around you've seen him
before
i might have or i might not have ching
replied
what could i do to make it a mind of
songman asked
answer me a few questions and i might
just might have watching said are you
that dow jong's friend
song on was taken aback and it took him
a moment
before he answered
yes
why the hesitation roshan wondered
i've got some theories ah ching also
felt his answer was a little forced she
grew suspicious do you really know him
how tall is that dao jong is he pretty
or ugly what's his sword like
someone immediately answered similar to
me in height exceptional
exceptional
in appearance
i mean he's not wrong but
and his sword is carved with frost
fractals
seeing how his answers were all correct
and he didn't appear to be a bad person
aching said i know where he is why don't
you come with me john
at this point songline had been
traveling in search of his good friend
for many years
after being disappointed countless times
now that there was finally news he
almost couldn't believe it which is why
i think it took him a second to say yes
maintaining his calm with considerable
effort
he replied
thanks for the trouble
aching led him near the charitable
mortuary but songland stopped and
remained frozen in the far distance
ouching asked what's wrong
aren't you going in
for some reason
songland's face was extremely pale i
don't want to [__] do this
i don't want to do this i don't want to
relive this in slow motion
he stared at the entrance to the chair
at the entrance to the charitable
mortuary looking like he wanted nothing
more than to charge in but was too
afraid to do so
all the aloof coolness from before had
melted away could he be nervous now that
he's so close way roshan wondered but
when he finally seemed ready to enter
another figure did so ahead of him
swaggering languidly through the
entrance of the charitable mortuary
seeing that figure song len's face went
from pale to dark in a flash the sound
of laughter came from inside the
charitable mortuary and ouching humped
the pest is back
who is he why is he here songland
question
watching whined and complained and
explained
a rotten guy he won't tell us his name
so who knows who he is dad jon saved him
and now he pesters jajang all day it's
so annoying
shock and fury suffused songman's face a
mixture of pale white and dark and
dismal a moment later he said
do not make a sound
the expression on his face scared au
ching she was quiet as directed
the two soundlessly approached the
charitable mortuary and one stood by the
window while one hit underneath they
heard xiao xing chen speak inside whose
turn is it today
the moment he heard that voice songman's
hands shook so hard that even oching
noticed
why don't we stop taking turns from that
from now on switch it up
shu young suggested
you always have something to say when
your turn comes switch it up how
here i've got two small sticks shu young
said the one who picks the longer stick
won't need to go but the one who picks
the shorter stick does
how is that
after a moment of silence she young
laughed out loud you picked the shorter
one i've won
you go
chashing chen had no choice but to say
helplessly all right
i will go
he seemed to have stood up and started
walking
toward the door very good way wishing
that
hurry out best if songland can grab you
and run
the moment you step outside wouldn't
that have been nice
what a great alternative
that mxtx just plopped right in front of
us right in front of us before we
before we really get into it what a
great nice little alternate universe
she uh she mentioned she yeah uh-huh
uh-huh
unexpectedly he didn't get that far
before she young spoke again
come back i'll go
why are you suddenly willing shaoxing
chen asked she young grows to his feet
are you a dummy i was lying to you just
now i drew the shorter stick but i had
another longer one hidden no matter
which one you picked i could always take
out a longer one i'm just messing with
you since you can't see that's all
he poked fun at chashing chen for a bit
before leisurely picking up the basket
and heading out the door
aching looked up to see that sanglan's
entire body was shaking
she was puzzled as to why he was so
angry songlan indicated for her to
remain silent and the two left
soundlessly only after putting some
distance between them and the mortuary
did songland begin questioning aching
that person
when did xin the dao zhang save him his
tone was grave au-chang understood now
that this was no trivial matter so her
voice became solemn as well
a long time ago it's been many
years
now
many years isn't there some reason is it
wasn't it literally three only three
years that they've been hanging out in
ye city
right
i don't know where i'm getting three
from i think that's just what somebody
what somebody said once
um and that entire time the dow jones
hasn't known his identity songling
question he hasn't ah chang confirmed
while staying at the dao zhang side what
has that person done
talk all slick bully me scare me and oh
and he goes on night hunts with dao jong
sung lens brow immediately furrowed he
must not have expected shuyong to be so
altruistic either
night hunt hunting what do you know
aching didn't dare give a careless
answer after thinking for a moment she
replied they used to hunt for walking
corpses all the time now they hunt
ghosts or haunted livestock or something
someone questioned her thoroughly also
seeming to feel something was off
without being able to pinpoint exactly
what it was
do he and the dow jones get along well
despite her reluctance to admit it
aching gave him the truth i feel like
dow jones isn't very happy on his own so
to finally have someone from the same
profession and it kind of seems like he
enjoys listening to that rotten guy's
wisecracks
dense clouds of gloom covered songland's
expression storming with indignation and
heartache amidst this confusion and
disbelief one thing alone was clear
xiao xing chen must
never find out about this
do not tell that dao chong anything
unnecessary he said then he moved to
follow in the direction shu young had
gone his expression grave
aching called after him jong are you
heading off to beat up that bad man
but sean but songline was already far
away way wushan thought he won't just
settle for a beating he's gonna butcher
shuyong alive
top of page 135.
xu young had left with the grocery
basket and auching knew the usual route
he took to the market she took a
shortcut through a forest running as
fast as the wind while her heart pounded
and finally spotted him up ahead
he was yawning as he walked lazily along
dangling the basket from one hand which
was stuffed full of green vegetables
radishes steamed buns and other such
goodies
it seemed he was on his way back from
the grocery run
ah ching was an old hand at hiding and
eavesdropping she moved sneakily along
with him stooped low and hidden behind
the forest brush
suddenly songland's cold voice came from
a head
shu young
as if a bucket of cold water had been
thrown in his face or he'd been slapped
awake from a dream shuyong's expression
was instantly ghastlier than ever before
songline stepped out from behind a tree
his long sword was already drawn and
brandished the tip pointing at the
ground
shu young pretended to be shocked
oh my if it isn't santa john what a rare
guest here to bomb a meal
song raised his sword and lunged i love
it sunglass isn't even wasting any time
he's like conversation [__] that you're
a dead
man we're j we're breathing we're
breathing through it we are
we're breathing
songland raised his sword and lunged
shu young shook zhengchi out from his
sleeves with a shing to block the attack
he backed up a few steps to safely set
the basket down by a tree then spat
stinking cultivator the one time i felt
like heading out on a grocery run and
you had to [__] kill the mood
songlan was utterly mad with fury each
of his moves aiming to end shuyong's
life
what demonic tricks are you playing he
bellowed the tenor deep in words harsh
what are you planning getting close to
shaoxing chen i was wondering why song
dao zhang held back from delivering a
fatal blow
oh god
that was so good but so infuriating he's
too
[Music]
this man
so what was to ask about that sure young
laughed
songline shattered angrily as if scum
like you would be so kind as to help him
with his night hunts
the qi from his next swing only narrowly
missed shuyong's face leaving a gash
across his cheek holy [__] dash across
the cheek
but he wasn't the least bit alarmed i'm
shocked that sung dow junk noticed me so
well
one of them practiced the taoist
orthodox way while the other was a
practitioner of road techniques honed
through criminal acts sunlin was
obviously more skilled at swordplay
with a thrust he pierced right through
shuyong's arm speak
he was desperate to know the truth of
this unsettling situation or he would
surely have aimed his sword at shuyon's
neck instead
despite being stabbed shiyung's
expression remained unchanged you really
want to know it's just that well you
know i worry you'll go crazy if i tell
you some things are best left without
gory details
songline snapped coldly shuyong my
patience for you is limited at [__]
best let's be honest
clang shuyong knocked aside an attack
that aimed for his eyes alright you're
the one who asked to hear this do you
know what that good cultivator friend of
yours your good bosom friend has done
he's killed many walking corpses
exterminating evil without asking for
anything in return
so moving
he's blind dug out his eyes to give them
to you but the great thing about
chonghua is that it can guide him
towards corpsey
oh let me tell you something even more
amazing i discovered that if you take
someone poisoned by corpse toxin then
cut out their tongue to make them unable
to speak xianghua can't tell the
difference between those who are just
poisoned and the real walking dead
songland's hands and sword begin to
tremble as he heard this mercilessly
detailed explanation
yeah
no going back now
you swine you inhuman
swine
song dao zhang you know sometimes i
really pity you cultured gentlemen
gentlemen when it comes to cussing
it's always the same words nothing new
at all completely toothless i haven't
used those two flaccid words since i was
seven
beside himself with anger song then
attacked again now finally aiming for
his throat you took advantage of his
blindness woe upon him beset by your
lies oh that was shakespearean of him
his thrust was both fast and brutal xu
young barely managed to dodge though his
shoulder was still impaled once more his
brows didn't even twitch as if he was
senseless to pain
bringing up the blindness eh sung john
don't forget for whom did he dig out
those eyes of his
at this song songland's expression and
movements both froze
shu young continued on and what leg do
you have to stand on criticizing me
gonna claim to be his friend do you
really do you really still have the
nerve to call yourself shaoxing chen's
friend
sondheim john need to remind you what
you told him after i massac massacred by
you temple he was worried about you he
wanted to come help you but how did you
greet him what did you tell him
songlan was devastated
i
at the time
she young cut him off and shut him up at
the time you were in the throes of
lamentation in pain grieving or just
lacking any other targets to be fair i
did slaughter your temple because of him
you had every reason to take it out on
him
but that was exactly
what i wanted
i
i have
i am having so much
simultaneous fun and pain
that i
i really don't know how to articulate
yeah
oh yeah
every single word struck home boy don't
i [__] know it
both shuyong's hand and words closed in
with each step his sword attacks grew
more and more language but also
increasingly sinister and shrewd and he
was imperceptibly gaining the upper hand
and yet song lam didn't seem to notice
at all
shu young sighed dramatically who was
the one who said there was no need to
ever meet again wasn't that you song dao
zhang
he listened to your demand and vanished
from sight after digging out his eyes
for you so why have you come shuffling
around here now
aren't you just making it awkward for
everyone involved
do you agree
i can't even say it
startled into hesitation
songland's sword faltered
shu young had thrown both his mind and
movements into chaos allowing him to be
fooled by such a cheap trick
shuyong could hardly let such a perfect
opportunity pass
with an upward sweep of his hand corpse
toxin choked the air the powder was so
meticulously refined that even songlan
had never seen anything like it before
when it spread he gasped in several
mouthfuls
knowing instantly that he was in danger
he tried forcing himself to cough up the
stuff but zhengchao was waiting light
glinted coldly off the sword's tip as
shu young brutally
burrowed it into songland's open
mouth
in that instant way wushan's sight went
pitch black aching had shut her eyes in
fright
but he already understood
they were witnessing sonline's tongue
being cut out
the sounds were too horrible to
comprehend
the rims of aching's eyes were hot but
she fiercely bit her tongue and didn't
make a peep opening her eyes with a
shudder
song then sword barely propped him
upright
he covered his mouth with his with his
other hand as blood spilled ceaselessly
from between his fingertips
having fallen for shu young's trap and
lost his tongue so suddenly he was in
such intense pain that he could barely
walk
yet he pulled his sword from the ground
and staggered forward
to lunge at shu young who dodged easily
as a twisted smile contorted his face
a moment later way wishen learned why he
was smiling like that just as the
silvery glint of xinhua
ran sanlan through
songman looked down at shanghai's blade
its tip piercing his heart
and then slowly looked up
he saw
shashing chen showing one hand and
wearing a calm expression
are you here asked shaoxing chen
completely unaware of what was happening
here
songman moved his lips soundlessly
shashington smiled
i'm here
why are you here
shouting
there was something off about chiang hwa
so i let it lead me here
he sounded amazed walking corpses have
not visited this area in a long time and
one lone straggler too
did it come from somewhere else
songland slowly dropped to his knees in
front of shaoxing chen
shuyun gave him a condescending glance
i suppose its cries are awfully menacing
if songman passed his sword to shaoxing
chen he would know who he was
he recognized his dear friend's sword
with a single touch
but that was no longer an option for
songline how could he give his sword to
shashing chen and in doing so tell him
who he'd just killed with his own two
hands
shu young was betting on this and didn't
feel the slightest bit of fear
come on let's head back and make dinner
i'm hungry he said idly
the shopping is done shaoxing chen asked
shopping's all done she unconfirmed
too bad i had to run into that thing on
the way back how unlucky
shaoxing chen left first shu young gave
the wounds on his own shoulders and arm
a pat then picked up the basket again
as he passed in front of song len he
smiled lightly and lowered his head to
murmur
you're not invited
you know
you know what makes this
extra [__] brutal
it's
what seems to be mxtx's general style
and this also may
be somewhat a result of the
translation from chinese to english
i am not sure maybe someone could
enlighten me
but
this whole book in general has a very um
telling aspect to it
in terms of the writing like they're
sitting down and i am telling you a
story once upon a time
it has that feel to it it's very um
it it's not like it's not vivid but it's
very
it's very tight
basic functional
prose
it's not
um
flowery emotional language it's just
kind of
depicting these things
somewhat frankly
um
while not pulling any punches in terms
of like the right details but it's not
like you know
it's not like
jane eyre or anything you know it's not
super
fluid and descriptive and you're caught
up in all the emotion no no it's just
very frank description and so when you
have a moment like this
of something so [__] terrible
happening and it's just explained
clearly completely and rather succinctly
and paced out very well
sometimes that's all you need
to really punch people in the gut
is just be very clear
you don't have to linger you don't have
to really hammer down on the angst you
don't need to get purple pros about it
you just need to when you have something
that's [__] devastating sometimes you
just need to explain
what [__] happened and it'll level
people
just as much it is just as effective
as maybe leaning into the emotion a
little bit right it lets you
infer as a reader you know
what these people you know how
devastating this is she doesn't need to
specifically tell you
right
horrible awful i [__] hate her we
hate mxtx
hate her
so much
flames on the side of my face
where the [__] am i i have no idea
right i flipped a page
okay we're at the top of 140 by the way
shashing chen left first
shu young gave the wounds on his own
shoulders and arm a pat then picked up
the basket again as he passed in front
of songlan he smiled lightly and lowered
his head to murmur you're not invited
this is where we are
aching waited until shuyong had walked
far far away probably even until he'd
made it back to the charitable mortuary
with shashin chen before she stood up
from the bushes
she had crouched for too long her legs
were asleep hobbling as she leaned on
her bamboo pole she tremblingly
approached songland's stiff kneeling
corpse
it showed no sign
of toppling over
songlan had died with his eye still open
a sign of everlasting regret
and arching jolted in fright at the side
of that wide
empty stair
then she saw the blood gushing from his
mouth spilling down his chin and
dredging his clothes
soaking the ground
enormous teardrops spilled from his eyes
terrified arching reached out and helped
close songland's eyes
the right [__] details
she knelt before him
and placed her hands together in a
prayer
dao jong please don't blame me or the
other dow jong it'd be certain death for
me if i came out i had no choice but to
hide
i couldn't save you
the other dao jong was deceived by that
bad man he didn't mean it
he didn't know the one he killed was you
she sobbed
i'm going back now
may your spirit in heaven
please bless me with success
in getting shaoxing chen dao zhang out
bless the both of us so we can escape
that devil's clutches and make that
monster die a horrible death
will shred his corpse to a million
pieces
and send him to hell
never to be absolved
she cow towed soundly three times
wiped her face hard then stood up and
gathered herself before heading back to
ye city
we are now at the top of page 141
and this is actually a pretty good time
to take a very brief break we're going
to take three to five minutes
to uh
absorb we need a second we uh
we need a second i feel we're gonna stop
and breathe everyone's gonna stop and
breathe get up walk around if you need
to uh
i'm just gonna take a moment
and
process
what a
what a choice time
for a [__] break because we're not
even done we're not even done
with
this [__]
read motel zouche they said
watch the untamed they said
uh-huh
oh
yeah
yeah yeah
mm-hmm
yeah water break a tear replacement
break also known as a water break yeah
yeah virtual hug hug circle
oh yeah grab a tissue
in case you thought that you were going
to get through this dry eyed
[Music]
oh no
elena
you're not ready for heaven's official
blessing if you think this is sad now
i'm officially terrified
i
i don't
i'm
this is like
this you city arc
is like shakespearean levels of tragedy
it is indeed very
very
shakespearean tragedy
um
in the way that everything lines up
perfectly to go
as wrong
as possible
that is extremely shakespearean
everything is so perfectly set up and
orchestrated and
really couldn't have happened any other
way
which is part of usually just what makes
a good tragedy on its own but it's
really hammered home
in
shakespearean
ways of going about things um
the obvious example
would be hamlet but i think also like
macbeth
especially since with macbeth you had
people scheming
and some people setting up the horrible
things and all that jazz
um but it's it's super shakespearean
this [__] arc this
very specific brand of tragedy
and i mean that as a super high
compliment i'm not like the biggest
shakespeare nerd ever because
those people are impressive
uh but i am a shakespeare enthusiast and
so i say that as a massive massive
compliment
not many things
can really successfully pull off a truly
like shakespearean tragedy ending
um
the show uh sons of anarchy did a great
job
although that started shakespearean it
started very hamlet
and so it ended in very shakespearean
tragedy like total complete tragedy and
that's not necessarily a spoiler because
i mean
something that begins with hamlet vibes
isn't going to end well so
but um
sons of anarchy pulled it off
and
ye city
might be one of the most
brutal examples
of a contemporary
in terms of when it was written
um shakespearean tragedy oh yeah
pulls out all the stops makes you feel
all the things
uh-huh
oh yeah
oh good q you're appreciating the break
i think the break is a really good idea
frankly you just take a couple minutes
and we inhale and we exhale
you know gives people a second to run
off and go do that thing that they just
need 10 seconds to do you know
uh especially since i mean we're reading
and we will continue to read
some
rather intense things so i feel like a
break is warranted i think i think is
going to become a permanent part of the
stream
gina
we will be in the same boat
then because you said you haven't read
tgcf yet but you've seen
the dongwa you've seen heaven officials
blessing
that'll be the approach that i take i'm
gonna watch
the heavens heaven officials blessings
first and then i'm going to read up to
that point in the book and then whenever
season two of the don't work comes out
i'll read more of the book and that's
how i'm going to do heaven officials
blessing
starting with the donjo
and then with um
the
svss the save system
as i like to call it
um
i'll be uh
starting with the book
so when it comes to mxtx because with
the untamed i started with the drama
with heaven officials blessing i'll be
starting with the donghua and with save
system
i'll be starting with the book so we get
a nice little nice little triad there to
kind of get a little bit and piece of
everything and experiencing
this
[__] author whom
we all hate
a lot
okay
getting back into it because why the
[__] not
we are at the top of page 141 this is
all still chapter eight by the way
deep [__] breath
the sky was already dark by the time she
returned
shuyong was sitting by the table peeling
apples and cutting all the slices into
rabbit shapes
he looked like he was in an
exceptionally good mood
anyone who saw him would think he
would think him simply a mischievous
young lad no one could
ever imagine what he'd just done
shaoxing chen came out carrying a plate
of green vegetables when he heard her he
called out a question a-ching where did
you go today coming back so late
she appeared at her and his eyes
suddenly flashed what happened her eyes
are all swollen
shashing chen hurried over what's the
matter did someone bully you
bully her who could manage to bully her
shu young scoffed
although he was smiling his suspicion
was obviously aroused
suddenly aching threw down her bamboo
pole and burst out into hysterical
wailing
she was all snot in tears crying so hard
she was short of breath she flung
herself into shashing chin's arms her
body racked with sobs am i very ugly am
i tell me dow jong am i really very ugly
this girl is you know
i don't think i properly appreciated
this character
until reading the book
i don't think i did
but holy [__]
underappreciated underappreciated i also
don't see people just kind of generally
talking about her very much at all i
mean there's a lot to talk about with
murder zeus so it's somewhat
understandable but underrated
i feel
she is young and that is genius
just saying
shaoxing chen stroked her head of course
not aching is so beautiful who said
you're ugly
shashington scoff disdainfully so ugly
more so when you cry
do not say that shaoxing chen admonished
him
arching cried even harder now and she
stomped her feet it's not like you can
see dao jong what's the use of you tell
me i'm beautiful you must be lying he
can see and he said i'm ugly so it seems
like i'm really ugly ugly and blind
the two naturally assumed she was
throwing a fit because she'd been called
ugly freak or wide-eyed blindy by some
random child and was feeling aggrieved
they called you ugly so you ran back
here to cry sure young commented with
contempt
what happened to that usual shrewishness
of yours
you're the shrew watching snapped
no john do you still have money
shashington paused and said somewhat
sheepishly
i think so
sure young cut in i've got money i'll
lend you some
you stayed with us with us all this time
but when it comes to a bit of money
you'll still only lend watching [__]
harshly you lose her aren't you
embarrassed
i want to go buy pretty clothes and
pretty accessories won't you come with
me
oh
man
she's trying to steer shaoxing chen out
with her alone waywa shannon observed
but what if shuyong wants to follow what
to do then
i can but i cannot help you determine if
something looks good on you shaoxing
chin said
shoo young interrupted again i'll help
her
aching jumped almost hitting
shashington's chin as she did so i don't
care i don't care i want you to
accompany me i don't want him to come he
only knows to call me ugly he calls me
little blindy
it was hardly the first time she'd
thrown a hissy fit they were used to
this by now shuyong made a face at her
and shashin chen said obligingly
all right how about we go tomorrow i
want it tonight watching wind
where are you gonna go if you head out
at this time of night the markets closed
shu young said
aching had no
other options
fine then tomorrow you promise
her plan hadn't worked and if she
continued to make a fuss about going out
then shu young would definitely get
suspicious again
forced to relent aching sat down at the
table to eat
while she performed that act just now
exactly as she always had which was to
say incredibly convincingly her belly
was tense the entire time she was still
extremely nervous and her hand was a
little shaky as she held her bowl
shu young was seated to her left
he eyed her a sconce and arching's legs
tensed again too frightened to eat she
conveniently pretended to have lost her
appetite from anger she spat out every
mouthful she took pushing the bowl
around hard mumbling strings of curses
under her breath
damn [__] rotten [__] it's not like
you're that good looking either [__]
the other two listened as she cussed out
that non-existent rotten [__] and
shuyong rolled his eyes hard when
shaoxington chided her
do not waste food
and thus shu young's eyes moved from
aching to shaoxing chen's face
it's no wonder the little thug was so
accurate in his impersonation of
shaoxing chen wayushan thought after all
they sat facing each other every day
plenty of opportunity to scrutinize him
in detail
shashing chen was completely unaware of
the eyes on him however at the end of
the day the only blind person in this
house was him
once they finished their meal shaoxing
cleaned away the dishes and utensils and
went inside growing agitated aching
wanted to slip in after him but shu
young suddenly called out to her a-chin
aching's heart jumped into her throat
and weirshan could feel how her blood
ran cold
what are you calling me by name for all
of a sudden she snapped
didn't you say you don't like me calling
you little blindie she young ass
watching humped there's always something
fishy about people being nice for no
reason what do you want
she young chuckled nothing i just want
to teach you what to do next time you're
insulted
well yeah what arching said
if someone calls you ugly
just make them uglier she unexplained
slash her face a few dozen times with a
knife and make her too ashamed to ever
leave her house again she calls you
blinding you sharpened one into that
bamboo pole of yours and you put out
both her eyes make her a blindy too see
if she'll talk [__] after that
oching was disturbed but still managed
to pretend she thought he was scaring
her on purpose
you're messing around with me again
take it as you will shu young humped
then he pushed a plate of rabbit apple
slices toward her here
was that a veiled threat
was that a
weirdly complex veiled threat that he
made against her just now
feel like it was
like he's on to her and he will totally
really blind her
if she
am i the only one picking up that vibe i
can't be the only one picking up that
vibe
right
take
looking at the plate of adorable little
bunny apple slices jade white red skin
gold fleshed flesh
details
amazing description right there jade
white red skinned gold fleshed
that's beautiful
wave after wave of deep revulsion seized
both aching and weiwou shan's hearts
the next day aching started whining
bright and early for shaoxing chen to
take her out to buy pretty clothes and
cosmetics
shoe young was annoyed
if you guys head out doesn't that mean
i'm the one going for groceries again
what's wrong with that watching snapped
at him dow jones done it so many times
already you're the one playing dirty
tricks cheating and bullying him
yes okay fine i'll do the run i'll go
right now shoe young relented
once he was out the door shashing chen
asked aching are you not prepared yet
are you ready to head out aching made
sure xu young had gone far enough before
she went back inside and closed the door
she posed a question in a trembling
voice
here we go here we [__] go we're on
page 145.
dow jong
do you know someone named xiu young
shaoxing chen's smile
froze
the words shu young were a heavy blow to
him he never had much color in his
complexion but when he heard that name
what color there was drained away in an
instant and his lips turned the color of
chalk
his voice came out in a near whisper as
if he wasn't sure he'd heard correctly
xu yang
then he suddenly snapped to his senses
aching how did you come to know this
name
that shuyong is the one here living with
us he's that bad man
shashington was still dazed
the one with us
the one the one with us
he shook his head like he was dizzy
how did you find this out
i heard him kill someone aching said
still maintaining the blindness act
heard heard someone not saw she can't
see
he killed who
shashington
a woman aching replied
her voice was young and she probably
carried a sword and this shuyong also
had a sword hidden on him because i
heard them start fighting and making an
awful racket that woman called him
shuyong and said he slaughtered a temple
and committed atrocious crimes she said
everyone has the right to execute you my
god that guy is homicidal who knows what
he's up to hiding next to us all this
time
aching hadn't slept but had instead
stayed up fabricating an entire night's
worth of lies because she is a [__]
queen
oh
first she must not let dow jong learn
that he had mistaken living humans for
walking corpses and killed them
second he must now learn that he had
killed songline with his own two hands
so as unfair as it was to seong dao jong
she could never confess the
circumstances of his death
the best scenario would be if shaoxing
chen would just hurry up and flee as
soon as he learned shuyong's identity
flee as far as he could as soon as
possible
but her revelation was hard to swallow
and it sounded horribly absurd at first
shaoxing could hardly believe it so
easily
but the voice was wrong i mean besides
aching was so anxious that she beat her
bamboo pole against the ground
incessantly as he spoke he faked his
voice because he doesn't want you to
find him out
suddenly it struck her and she humped oh
that's right he has nine fingers dab
john did you know that does she young
only have nine fingers you must have
seen him before right
xiao xingchen lost his footing all of a
sudden
aching quickly caught him and slowly
helped him to the table setting him down
it was a good while before he found his
voice
but aching
how do you know he only has nine fingers
have you touched his hand
if he really is too young why would he
allow you to touch his left hand and
discover his defect
aching clenched her teeth tightly down
john
let me just tell you the truth
i'm not blind i can see
i didn't touch his hand
i saw it
oh
[__] me
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
stop part [__] five
of chapter eight
you know they really should have uh
flipped it
for american audiences
it should be part eight
chapter five
i feel yes
it should be called it should be chapter
five maybe not part eight maybe they
call it something
else
but
i feel like they should be flipped
anyway
back to throwing things son of a [__]
oh oh man
oh man oh man oh
i am i am
the opposite of okay
whoo
everyone say hello
to uh
wlw
she is just joining us
and if you are just joining us hi you
are in the middle of the [__] show
we are in the middle of the city arc we
are well okay we're kind of getting
towards that no not the end of the whole
arc
but the end of the you know
the
big reveal it's a [__] show you're in
the middle of the [__] show
chapter eight part five
page 147
i'ma run out of tea at this rate
each new clap of thunder was louder than
the last shashing chain was stunned by
all the noise
what did you say you can see
watching was scared but this couldn't
remain a secret any longer
she apologized over and over again i'm
so sorry dao jong i wasn't purposely
trying to deceive you i was scared that
once you knew i wasn't blind you
wouldn't let me be with you any longer i
was afraid you chased me away but please
don't blame me right now let's run away
together he'll be back as soon as he's
done getting groceries
abruptly she shut her mouth
the bandage wrapped around shaoxing
chen's eyes was usually snow white but
now twin blots of blood were growing on
it the blood spread and spread until it
gradually soaked through the fabric and
rolled from his empty sockets
watching screamed dow jong you're
bleeding
it was as if shashin chen had only just
noticed
he let out a soft ah and touched his
face his hand coming away soaked in
blood
aching helped him wipe his face her
hands shuddering as she did but the more
she wiped the more blood there was
xiao xing chen raised his hand i'm fine
i'm fine
in the beginning his wounded eyes would
bleed when he overthought things or grew
overly emotional but the wounds hadn't
opened up in a long time
way wushan had thought they'd healed by
now but here he was having a relapse and
bleeding once more
but
but if it really is too young
why would it be like this shaoxing chan
mumbled
why did he not kill me at the very start
why did he stay by my side for so many
years
how could this be shoe young
because xiao xin chan can't even
conceive
of a [__] plan
this
grotesque
of course he wanted to kill you at the
start utching replied i saw those eyes
of his they were mean and scary but he
was wounded and couldn't move he needed
someone to take care of him i didn't
know who he was but if i did if i'd
known he was some homicidal maniac i
would have stabbed him to death of my
bamboo pole while he was lying there in
the grass downtown let's run away okay
we shin however sighed inwardly that's
no longer possible if you hadn't told
him he'd have continued to live together
with wish you young but you didn't tell
him and he'll never run off just like
that he feels compelled to question xu
young face to face it's unavoidable
sure enough shaoxing chen had called
himself with an effort he said aching
you go on
his voice was slightly raspy watching
replied a little scared
go
dow john let's leave together
shaoxing shook his head i cannot leave
i have to find out what he's thinking he
must have a goal in mind and it is most
likely in pursuit of that goal that he
has stayed by my side all these years
if i leave
if he is left alone here he will
slaughter the people of ye city that is
who shuyong has
always been
this time
aching's tears were no longer pretend
she tossed the bamboo pole aside and
clung to shashington's leg dao jong how
do i leave on my own i want to go with
you if you're not leaving i won't either
let him just kill both of us i would
have died alone and wretched out there
by myself anyway if you don't want
things to end like that for me we have
to run away together
unfortunately with the secret of her not
being blind exposed this trick of
playing pitiful was
no longer effective
shashing chen soothed her watching
you can see
and you're smart
i believe you can live your life very
well you do not understand how
terrifying this shoe young is
you cannot stay and you must never go
near him again
we would heard our ching's internal
screaming i know
i know how terrifying he is
but she simply couldn't
tell him the entire truth
suddenly there came the sound of spry
footfalls
shuyong was back
shashington snapped his head up as keen
and alert as if he were on a night hunt
he pulled arching close to whisper to
her when he comes in i will handle him
you take that chance and run away
be good
frightened to tears
arching nodded confusedly
shu young kicked at the door a couple
times
what are you guys doing i'm back already
but you're still not gone
if you haven't left yet undo the latch
and let me inside i'm exhausted
his words and tone were exactly those of
a good boy next door a sprightly little
marshall brother no one could ever have
guessed that an inhuman monster stood
outside the door a crazed fiend a demon
wearing a handsome human skin walking
and talking like a man
the door wasn't locked but it was barred
from the inside if they didn't open the
door soon sure young would surely become
suspicious and when he entered he would
be on guard
watching wiped her face and yelled
exhausted my ass it's how far to go and
get groceries and you're already tired
your big sis got caught up changing into
a couple outfits what's it to you
shu young's reply was full of scorn
and how many sets of clothes do you own
they're all the same no matter what you
change into open up
even though auching's legs shook
uncontrollably she still sounded
vigorous and confident
well i won't open it for you kick the
door open yourself if you're so amazing
i
love her
so
much
shu young laughed aloud
you're the one who said it damn drunk
don't blame me if you've got to repair
the door later
true to his word he kicked the wooden
door open with a single punt he crossed
the tall threshold and entered one hand
holding the basket full of vegetables
the other a vibrantly red apple
he had just taken a crisp bite out of it
when he looked down and saw shanghai's
blade
burrowed into his belly
oh [__]
you want to talk about burying the lead
of a sentence oh my [__] god
the grocery basket fell to the ground
the green vegetables the radish the
apples the buns all rolled across the
floor
shashing chen barked in a low voice
aching run
arching bolted charging at the front
door she ran madly for a bit then
changed course and turned back furtively
circling back to the mortuary she
crawled to the hidden spot she was most
familiar with where she often went to
eavesdrop this time she even poked her
head out a bit to peer inside the house
shaoxing chen asked coldly
did this amuse you
shu young took a bite of the apple still
in his hand and chewed unhurriedly
before swallowing
it did
why wouldn't it
he had returned to using his normal
voice
what exactly were you planning staying
by me all these years shashington
question
who knows
shuyong said
maybe i was just bored
shaoxing chen with drew shanghua about
to attack again
that story i never finished shooting
continued
you probably don't want to hear the rest
of it anymore right
no
but despite this harsh rejection
shaoxing chen still tilted his head
slightly his sword
pausing
well i'm going to tell you anyway shi
yang said if you still think i'm at
fault once i'm done you can do whatever
you want
he casually rubbed the wound on his
belly putting pressure on it to stop
himself from bleeding out
when the child saw the man who had
conjoled him into delivering that
message
he felt both aggrieved and happy he
flung himself at him overflowing with
tears and told them the message was
delivered but the dessert is gone and i
got beaten too can you give me another
plate
but the man's face was bruised too the
burly man must have found and beaten him
as well when he saw this dirty little
kid clinging to his leg he was sorely
irritated and kicked him away
he mounted an ox cart telling the driver
to go now
the child crawled up off the ground and
chased and chased the cart he wanted so
badly to eat that plate of sweet
desserts when he finally caught up he
waved in front of the card wanting them
to stop
the man was annoyed by all the crying so
he snatched the whip from the driver's
hand and lashed the boy's head whipping
him to the ground
xu young then emphasized each word
and then
one by one
the cart's wheels rolled over each
finger on that child's hand
not caring whether or not shashington
could see it he raised his own left hand
seven years old
the bones of his left hand were
completely shattered and one finger was
crushed to mush
on the spot
that man
was chang ping's father
shashin chen dao jong how righteous and
stern you were when you dragged me to
cold and golden carp tower
you condemned me demanding that i
explain why i'd massacre an entire clan
over a little grudge
is it because that finger wasn't yours
that none of you could understand the
pain
you don't know what it's like to hear
screams of such excruciating agony from
your own mouth
why did i kill his entire family why
don't you ask him why he played me toyed
with me for no good reason the shoe
young of today has changed
i believe that's how you pronounce that
to thank for his existence
the chain clan of yu young was simply
reaping what they sowed
xiao xing chen was in utter disbelief
when chiang xian
i believe broke your finger if you
wanted revenge why not also break one of
his fingers
if you genuinely could not let go of
this grudge then break two of his
fingers ten fingers even an entire arm
would have been fine
why did you have to kill his entire
family
did a single finger of yours
need to be compensated by over 50 lives
shuyong actually considered this
seriously
of course he replied as if it was an odd
question
the finger was mine
but those lives belonged to others
no number of lives would have been
enough
it was only 50 or so people how could
that be enough to pay for my finger
face was growing increasingly pale
furious at chu young's matter of fact
tone he shouted
then what about bystanders why did you
massacre by shu temple why did you have
to blind songs
shuyong argued back and why did you stop
me why did you keep butting in my
business why did you stand up and help
those chang nobodies were you helping
chengxian or was it chiang ping
remember how champion cried tears of
gratitude at first and how he begged you
to stop helping him later
shashington john you were in the wrong
from the very start
you shouldn't have gotten involved in
other people's quarrels who was right
who was wrong was there more gratitude
or more grievance is that something an
outsider can determine
maybe you shouldn't have descended that
mountain in the first place your master
bastian sandman was real smart wasn't
she why didn't you listen to her and
stay on your mountain to cultivate your
path if you don't get how this world
works then don't
enter it
oh
[__]
unable
to endure this any longer
[__] same
shaoxing gridded out a response with
effort
shu young
you really are repulsive
at those words the murderous glint that
had been absent from shu young's eyes
for so long
flashed a new that's an interesting
sentence can we talk about that actually
the murderous glint that had been absent
from shuyong's eyes for so long
flashed anew
like it had left
in the presence of xiao xing chen
but then that makes you think
purposefully
left as part of the khan
or
you know
i'm just saying
he chuckled darkly shashing chen this is
why i hate you why i hate hate hate the
most oh excuse me what i hate hate hate
the most is self-righteous people like
you
so morally superior thinking you can
just do a few good deeds and the world
will suddenly transform into a better
place
you utter fool you naive idiotic dumbass
you're repulsed by me
fine then do you think i'm afraid of
repulsing people
but do you even have the right to be
repulsed by me
shaoxing was taken aback
what do you mean
both ah ching and wei wushan's hearts
were ready to jump out of their chests
same
shu young said sweetly
oh god
sorry it just clicked
she young said sweetly
we haven't gone out to kill walking
corpses recently have we
but a couple years ago didn't we kill
whole groups of them
pretty
regularly shashington's lips moved
uneasily
why are you bringing that up now
no reason
shi young said
it's just too bad you're blind
since you plucked out those eyeballs of
yours you couldn't see those walking
corpses back then
oh how scared how in pain they were when
you stabbed them with your sword
there were even those who knelt and wept
cow towing and begging for you to spare
their families if i hadn't cut out their
tongues beforehand they would have been
wailing crying down john have mercy
shaoxing chen's whole body began to
shake
it was a good moment before he said
arduously
you're lying to me
you want to deceive me
yeah i'm lying to you i've always been
lying to you shu young said who would
have thought you bought every single lie
but now that i'm telling the truth it's
a no cell
shaoxington took a staggering lunge at
him yelling shut up shut up
covering his belly with his right hand
shuyong snapped the fingers of his left
as he backed away leisurely the
expression on his face could not be
called human anymore there was a mad
glint in his eyes and when he smiled and
barely bared those tiny canine teeth it
made him look like a devil manifested in
flesh
sure i'll shut up he shouted if you
won't believe me then trade a few moves
with the one behind you and have him
tell you whether or not i'm lying to you
a gust from a swung sword whipped close
by shaoxing chen who reflexively blocked
with shanghai
but when the two swords clashed he was
stupefied
not just stupefied he seemed to have
hardened into a haggard statue
carefully so very carefully
xiao xingchen ventured aloud
is
that you
chen
there was no answer
song man's corpse stood there behind him
he appeared to be staring at shaoxing
chen and yet his eyes
had no pupils the long sword in his hand
was the one that had clashed with xinhua
the two had studied swordplay side by
side in the past they had crossblades
many in time for such purposes and could
recognize each other by the feel
of the strike alone
yet shaoxing still seemed unsure
shuddering he slowly turned around
and reached out to feel the blade
of songland's sword
songland didn't move
shaoxing chen moved his hands upward
along the blade until finally
bit by bit he traced out the two
characters carved on the hilt
fushoo
possibly fouchuy
his face was growing paler by the minute
he felt the blade
i'll go ahead and call it for sure
i'm probably wrong
so overwhelmed he didn't seem to realize
when it cut his palm
he was shaking so hard even his words
seemed to have scattered all over the
ground
is that you
someone watched him quietly without a
single word
the bandage around shaoxing chen's eyes
soaked by the incessant stream of blood
was marked by two horrifying
red
sunken holes
he wanted to reach out to touch the
sword-wielding man himself but didn't
dare to
he extended his hand then withdrew it
waves of excruciating pain roiled in
oching's chest so intense that both she
and weiwou shan had trouble breathing
their tears flowed like a spring
shaoxing chen stood there confused and
helpless
what is the matter
say something
he was
utterly crushed
somebody say something
as he wished
shu young spoke
do i need to bother telling you who the
walking corpse you killed yesterday was
clang
shanghai dropped to the ground
xu young burst out in oprah's
laughter
xiao xing chen knelt woodenly before the
standing song line
he burst into wailing tears of agony and
clutched his head
young was laughing so hard his eyes
watered
what's wrong he bit out fiercely has
this reunion of two good friends moved
you to tears are you gonna give him a
big hug huh
watching covered her mouth firmly not
allowing a single sob to slip free
inside the charitable mortuary shuyong
paced back and forth spitting insults in
a frightening tone filled with
with both crazed fury and wild joy
save the world what a joke you can't
even save yourself
a fresh wave of acute pain filled way
wushan's mind however this pain didn't
come from watching's soul
xiao xing chen knelt there on the ground
unkept prostrated at songland's feet he
curled into a ball seeming very
very small and fragile as if he wished
desperately to disappear from this world
the taoist robe that was once flawlessly
clean and white
was was now stained with blood and grime
you've accomplished nothing shu young
screamed at him
failed utterly you only have yourself to
blame
you reap
what you sow
in that moment
wei wushan saw himself
in xiaoxing
if i had a time
to write an essay about that i would
the hymn who suffered a crushing defeat
while drenched in blood
the him who
accomplished nothing was criticized by
all furiously rebuked by all and left
powerless to fix his desperate
circumstances
to him
who could do nothing
but well
don't
hit me
with way wooshan feels in the middle of
this
that's cruel and [__] unusual
god
damn it mxtx
no no that
was officially unfair all of this has
been fair game that was unfair
that was uncalled for that was
indecent
the white bandage was thoroughly dyed
red
xing chen's face was covered in blood
without eyes the only tears he could
shed were crimson he'd been deceived for
years taking a foe for a good friend had
his kindness crushed underfoot
when he thought he was exercising evil
his hands were instead stained with the
blood of innocents
and with those same two hands he had
killed
his own dear friend
he moaned in
agony please have mercy
weren't you about to stab me dead with
your sword
and now you're suddenly turning around
and begging for mercy sure young taunted
he clearly knew that with the protection
of song's fierce corpse it was
impossible for shaoxing chen to take up
the sword once more
he had won again
a complete
victory
suddenly
shashington snatched up shuanghua which
had been lying on the ground
he turned the sword and placed the blade
against his own neck
a clear and clean silver gleam slashed
across shu young's deep and dayless
black eyes
shashington's grip loosened
and deep crimson blood rolled down
shranghan's blade
at the crisp clatter of the long sword
hitting the ground shuyong's laughter
and movement came to an abrupt halt
he was silent for a moment
then he approached shaoxing chen's
unmoving dead body
he looked down
the twisted curve of his lips slowly
drooped and blood crawled into his eyes
maybe shin was mistaken but the rims of
his eyes
seemed to have reddened
he then furiously gritted his teeth
you're the one who forced my hand
then he sneered and muttered to himself
it's better that you're dead more
obedient when you're dead
shu young felt for xiao xingchen's
breath and pinched at his wrist for a
pulse
as if he thought shaoxing chen wasn't
dead enough the body not stiff enough he
stood up went into the overnight chamber
and came out carrying a basin of water
using a clean cloth
he washed shashing chen's face clean of
blood and even attentively wrapped a
brand new bandage around his eyes
he drew an array on the ground set up
the necessary materials then carried
shashington's body in and arranged it
properly
only after doing all that did he
remember to dress
his own
stomach wound
only after doing all that did he
remember to dress his own stomach wound
this is a guy
who prizes
his pov
over
everyone else's life and well-being
and only after doing all that did he
remember to dress his own stomach wound
probably convinced the two of them would
meet again shortly his mood became
jollier by the minute
he picked up all the vegetables and
fruits that had been strewn across the
ground and neatly placed them back into
the basket
he cleaned the house in a sudden bout of
diligence and even laid down a new layer
of thick straw in the coffin where
au-ching usually slept
once he finished he took out the candy
shashing jen had given him the night
before from his sleeve
just when he was about to pop it into
his mouth however he stopped himself and
thought for a moment
she young put the candy away he sat by
the table a hand propping up his cheek
and waited in sullen boredom for
shashing chen to set up
but shaoxing chen never did
the sky grew increasingly dark as did xu
young's dimming expression
his fingers tapped impatiently on the
table
when dusk had fallen completely he
kicked the table cursed and swept back
the hem of his robe as he stood up
he half knelt by shaoxing chen's corpse
to inspect the array and the symbols he
had drawn
he checked them repeatedly but there
didn't appear to be anything wrong his
brows furrowed as he pondered but in the
end he still wiped it all away and
re-drew it
this time shu young sat directly on the
ground and stared at xiao xing chen with
great patience
another period of waiting followed
aching's feet had already fallen asleep
three times and were painful and itchy
like millions of ants were nibbling on
them
her eyes were also swollen from crying
and her sight was a little blurry
they waited for another two hours before
shu young finally realized
things had gotten out of control
he placed his hand over shaoxing chin's
forehead
then closed his eyes to search a moment
after his eyes snapped open way wushan
knew what he'd likely found was the few
feeble fragments that remained of a
broken
soul
and a soul this broken could not be used
to forge a fierce corpse
it seems shu young had never foreseen
such an accident
for the very first time that forever
smiling face
was blank
without thinking he used his hands to
cover the gash
on xiao xing chen's neck
however the blood had already run dry
shashing chen's face was as white as a
sheet and large blotches of darkened
blood were dried around his nape
it was completely pointless to compress
the wound now
shashing chen was already dead
thoroughly and utterly
even his soul
was shattered
the disparity between the shu young of
the present and the shu young in his
story
who bald when he didn't get to eat
dessert made it very hard to connect the
two but in that moment we would shan
finally
oh
[Music]
but in that moment weibuchan finally saw
the shadow
of that confused
child
wow
in the blink of an eye
shu young's eyes were bloodshot and he
abruptly rose to his feet his hands
clenched tightly into fists he thrashed
about inside that he thrashed about
inside the charitable mortuary breaking
and throwing things creating a huge
racket as he wrecked the house he had
just tidied up earlier himself
his expression and the sounds he made
were more maniacal than all of the
previous abominable behavior combined
after smashing up the house he calmed
down once more and crouched back in the
same spot
he called out in a whisper
chen if you don't get up i'm gonna make
your good friend songlan go kill people
i'll kill oh [__] me there's art
there's art whoever made this decision
i want to talk
i want to i'll show you the art in a
second whoever made this choice to put
art here
we're going to have a chat we're gonna
have a nice long chat
i'll kill every single person in yeast
city and make them all into living
corpses you've lived here for so long is
it really okay for you to not care
i'll strangle that little blindy ah
ching to death i'll leave her body
outside and have wild dogs tear her
corpse of shreds
watching shuttered violently without a
sound
no one answered
shuyong suddenly shouted and ranged
shaoxing chen
he grabbed the collar of shashington's
taoist robe and shook glaring at the
dead man's face
suddenly he pulled in his arms and
hauled him up
carrying the corpse on his back shuyong
walked out the door mumbling under his
breath like an insane man like an insane
man
a spirit trapping pouch a spirit
trapping pouch that's right a spirit
trapping pouch i need a spirit trapping
pouch a spirit trapping pouch a spirit
dropping pouch
he'd he'd been gone white he'd been gone
quite a while before auching dared to
move
she couldn't stand upright and wound up
rolling to the ground where she squirmed
for a while before crawling back to her
feet she took a few arduous steps
shaking out her bones and muscles then
walked faster and faster faster and
faster until she finally broke into a
run
she ran for a long time leaving yeast
city far far behind her before she dared
release the whale stifled in her chest
tao jong she sobbed dow chong
the scene changed
suddenly they were in a different place
okay
it is 4 45 and i have to go
but i will leave you
with this parting [__] image
that they decided to put here
how gorgeous is that i would like to
punch someone in the face please
deeply unfair wrong this is wrong this
is every shade
of wrong
okay
just wrong just how [__] dare you we
are at the bottom
of page 160
and
that is where
[Music]
we get to stop for today
jesus
jesus i'm looking at myself i have to
click away jesus
okay
well
we've got several days to process that
before we continue
i'm sorry there was no live stream on
tuesday we could have done this on
tuesday imagine
um
i'm sorry there was no stream
this past tuesday
uh we had to get a plumber out to the
house and he had to
uh
come by of course at the time that i
would be
streaming
so i had to call it at the very end my
apologies um
but
we got to
we got to do it today so that's fun
yeah
um
we're breathing we're
breathing i feel like we should all
probably like go meditate go go take a
walk go walk outside even if it's
literally just
a walk around the block maybe your house
your apartment building your wherever
the hell you are are you at work that'd
be funny if you were if you are just be
like i'ma take
just 10 minutes
and go outside
and look at a tree
and touch some grass
and just take some deep breaths you know
go hug someone
something
because [__]
but i have to go
because our time is up for today
i will see you
next tuesday
same time same everything
thank you for coming along with me
through
this through
yi city
and we're not quite done with it yet
but that was
the most brutal stretch i'm pretty sure
we got through
the real
heart of it
and then
the climax so to speak and then now
we're gonna get to
go through the denumong
and falling action on tuesday
uh
i love you guys
very much
i will see you on
tuesday for that
lovely
denim no we're not quite done with the
tragedy that's true we have one more
thing to get through
um
but we will do that later because i'm
exhausted
so i'll see you guys on tuesday thank
you so much for tuning in if this was
your first time tuning in i'm sorry
i hope you found it entertaining or at
least cathartic
and
please take care of yourself
by going outside and touching some grass
and just taking a breath feeling the sun
on your skin please
and i will see you on tuesday